# ==== SOURCE MATERIAL ISSUES ====
# Missing slam attack bonus
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Flaming%20Skull
# Trailing comma
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Formless%20Spawn
# Missing comma between melee attacks
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Shantak
# lists the Perform (wind) skill but not the bonus
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Beggar
# says "5 resist" instead of "resist 5"
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Queen%20of%20Staves


# ==== REPORTED ISSUES ====
# Melee attack errors
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Draugr
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Decapus
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Crone%20Queen
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Paracletus
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Cambion
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Urdefhan
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Seraptis
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Purrodaemon
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Pazuzu
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Moloch
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Courtesan
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Tribe%20(Chieftain)
# extraneous period at the end of the psychic magic section
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Lotus%20Tree
# Aura appears twice
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Hoary%20Muntjac
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Nikaramsa
# Reach typo
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Xenarth
# Says Reach twice
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Blood%20Lily
# AC has erroneous pluses
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Dahzagan
# AC missing comma
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Jungle%20Drake
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Khardajeen
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Maharishi%20Manu
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Swamp%20Mummy
# Says "AC" twice in AC block
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Paguroida
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Enisysian
# typo in AC block - ".1" instead of "-1"
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Equine%20Bone%20Golem
# Incomplete AC line
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Fleshdreg%20Swarm
# Errant open paren in AC line
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Enlightened%20Construct%20Clockwork%20Soldier
# Says "AC" twice
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Living%20Doldrums
# Broken HTML
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Young%20Rift%20Dragon
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Green%20Man
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Ashen%20Forgemaster
https://aonprd.com/MythicMonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Danava
https://aonprd.com/MythicMonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Anunnaki
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Neh-Thalggu
https://aonprd.com/MythicMonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Apkallu
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Death%20Dealer
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Braismois
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Cyphermage
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Halfling%20Slinger
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Savage%20Rider
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Shadow%20Cleric
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Notorious%20Foil
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Gravesludge
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Elder%20Deep%20One
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Prydanu
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Sodden%20Drauger%20Troop
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Charon
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Thriae%20Dancer
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Owb%20Prophet
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Deinochos
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Corbayrant
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Shadow%20Collector
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Emotion%20Ooze
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Mummy%20Lord
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Elder%20Wyrm
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Cipactli
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Japalisura
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Cultist%20Troop
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Ymeri
# Special attacks accidentally listed under Space
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Energized%20Ice%20Golem
# Saving throw issues
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Keulia
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Frost%20Giant%20Jarl
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Frost%20Giant%20Battle%20Priest
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Hellknight
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Acid%20Terror
# Unclosed paren in CMD
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Oronci
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Neothelid%20Overlord
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Thath-Malal%2C%20the%20Eyeless%20Prince
# Language not properly bolded
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=The%20Grim%20White%20Stag
# Racial Modifier section not properly labeled and not bolded
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Sunflower%20Leshy
# Errant space in skills
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Poison%20Frog
# Incomplete Skills line
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Goblin%20Commando
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Atomie
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Grootslang
# Dead link (but appears in mythic monster list)
https://aonprd.com/MythicMonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Human%20Skeleton
# Initiative/senses line broken in various ways
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Irii
# Missing initiative and senses
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Ogrekin
# Missing perception from Senses block
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Whirlmaw
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Dreamthief%20Hag
# Perception misspelled as "Pereption" in the Senses block
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Chuul%2C%20Lesser
# Missing semicolon in senses: Senses dragon senses Perception +22
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Young%20Gold%20Dragon
# Special Attacks repeated twice
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Dosojin
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Shadow%20Golem
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Nixudaemon
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Wretchghost
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Lapsudaemon
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Thunder%20Behemoth
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Thalassic%20Behemoth
# Says "+13th" in concentration, should just be "+13"
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Alp
# Psychic Discipline not bolded
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Astomoi
# Bloodline not bolded
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Ghoul%20Monarch
# Missing comma in summon parenthetical
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Olethrodaemon
# Blank line
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Werewasp%20(Human%20Form)
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Werewasp%20(Hybrid%20Form)
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Escorite
# Missing newline after Psychic Spells Known
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Ancient%20Occult%20Dragon
# Unclosed paren in alignment line
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Augnagar
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Hykariut
# Missing newlines between spell levels
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Adult%20Paradise%20Dragon
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Skrimsl
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Nephlei
# Missing comma between spells
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Possession%20Devil%2C%20Greater%20(Gidim)
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Ancient%20Underworld%20Dragon
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Adult%20Underworld%20Dragon
# Trailing comma in spells
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Cetaceal
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Vaultbreaker
# Extra comma in spells
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Scyld%20Hranni,%20Storm%20Giant%20Matriarch
# Missing space after comma between fire storm and elemental body IV
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Rage%20Flame
# Malformed spell-like ability block
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Kasthezvi
# Says "DR" instead of "Immune"
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Psychic%20Stalker
# Says "DR" instead of "Defensive Abilities"
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Gunpowder%20Ooze
# "Cleric Spells Prepared" not bolded
https://aonprd.com/MythicMonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Kortash%20Khain
# Extraneous comma in skills: "Climb +10, (+12 ropes)"
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Forge%20Spurned
# Missing e in "Knowledg" in skills
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Nimbral%20Child
# Special Attacks not bolded and not on new line
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Ghoul%20Commander
# Missing space after "or" in Attacks
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Sundering%20Axe
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Troglodyte
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Incubus
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Dwarven%20Rager
# Missing end of line in Ranged Attacks (trailing or)
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Stage%20Magician
# "Before Combat" and "During Combat" not bolded in the Tactics section
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Expert%20Blacksmith
# "During Combat" not bolded in the Tactics section
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Adventuring%20Blacksmith
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Nimble%20Shuriken%20Thrower
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Warden%20Jack%20Swarm
# extra parens in Spells or Spell-Like Abilities header
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Relictner
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Winter%20Witch%20Baroness
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Soulpierced
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Tletli
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Unknown
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Cervine%20Protector
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Dread%20Lord
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Shenzuzhou
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Tobongo%20(Mwangi%20Treant)
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Lantern%20Archon
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Implacable%20Stalker
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Preceptor%20Archon
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Basavan
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Sepsidaemon
# Missing info in Spell-Like Abilities header
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Chortov
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Shabti
# Missing "at will" in Spell-Like Abilities
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Calaca
# Missing "Constant-" in Spell-Like Abilities
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Barzahk
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Bibliodaemon
# Extra space in Spell-Like Abilities (CL 5th; concentration + 7)
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Tooth%20Fairy%20Monarch
# Says "Spell-Like Abilities" twice in header
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Warmonger%20Devil%20(Levaloch)
# Psychic Magic is mistakenly listed as Spell-Like Abilities
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Deep%20Walker
# Trailing comma in Psychic Magic header
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Egregore
# Missing open paren in Psychic Magic
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Adult%20Nightmare%20Dragon
# typo extra space in "Racial Modifiers" under Skills (and also not bolded)
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Android%20Impostor
# shows up in search and the NPC table but doesn't seem to exist
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Harrower
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Sister%20of%20the%20Golden%20Erinyes
# Trailing comma in Skills
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Cave%20Stalker
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Pleroma
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Asurendra
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Pard
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Tataka
# typo space in "Inquisitor Sp ell-Like Abilities"
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Cannibal%20Zealot
# the word "Bloodline" is not properly bolded
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Demon-Blooded%20Sorcerer
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Lucky%20Mage
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Azure%20Bolt%20Sorcerer
# the word "Patron" is not properly bolded
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Winter%20Witch%20Cold%20Sister
# Lists a bunch of spells but doesn't have the proper header for them
https://aonprd.com/NPCDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Technic%20League%20Captain
# Blank line in the middle of the spell like ability block
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Khala
# typo: "Spell-Like Abilities (CL 12th; concentraion +18)"
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Rabisu
# Missing HP
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Failed%20Prophet
# Broken special abilities and description
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Young%20Edict%20Dragon
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Ancient%20Edict%20Dragon
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Adult%20Edict%20Dragon
# Extra newline in spells or spell-like abilities
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Fyndylsnitch%20the%20Shadowking
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Empyrean
https://aonprd.com/MythicMonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Glaistig
# Missing racial modifiers
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Water%20Orm
# Powerful Bite (Ex) should be bold
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Tyrannosaurus
# Extra comma in Racial Modifiers
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Glacier%20Toad
# Special abilities not bolded
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Old%20Wulunga
# Space and Special Attacks should be bolded
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Prismatic%20Orrery
# Extra space in "Climb +10, Fly –5, Perception +5, Stealth + 1;"
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Venomroach
# Broken formatting for weaknesses
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Seeded%20Lamia
# Double semicolon in Resist
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Fulgati
# Says "Spells Known (CL 10 ft; concentration +12)" - should be th, not ft , and there should be no space after the 10
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Zalyakavat
# Double comma in ability scores
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Putrid%20Ooze
# Typo: "NE Laege outsider (evil, native)"
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Voice%20of%20the%20Damned
# Typo: "Bloodline Sxpell-Like Abilities (CL 7th; concentration +17)"
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Kaltestrua%2C%20Governess%20of%20Casnoriva
# Rrrant space in "Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception + 8"
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Mirror%20Serpent
# Trailing comma in Senses block
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Succubus
# Says "Skills" twice
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Mapinguari
# Missing comma in skills
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Demilich
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Cyclops
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Tenebrous%20Worm
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Inkanyamba
# Comma in wrong place in skills right after Stealth (should be after the parens)
https://aonprd.com/MonsterDisplay.aspx?ItemName=Grippli